07- Advanced CSS(30 pts)
[x]- You will make your site responsive and add some advanced CSS.

Width Control
[x]- Limit the overall width of your site by adding a container div to each page and setting its max width.

[x]- Add a wrapper div.
[x]- Set the minimum and maximum width.
[x]- Inline Media Queries
[x]- Create CSS navigation rules for the phone and other rules for the tablet and desktop.

[x]- Set the phone to be rounded buttons nicely styled and separated.
[x]- Set the desktop to be a horizontal menu.
[ ]- Insure that way-finding is still working (menu item matches the page name)
[x]- Image as a gradient
[x- Demonstrate you can use a graphic gradient.

Use a thin, tall image to create a gradient in the body of your site.
[x]- No visible break when the gradient becomes a solid color.
[x]- CSS gradient
[x]- Demonstrate you can use a CSS gradient.

[x]- Implement a CSS gradient.
[x]- Background Image
[x]- Add a background image to your site.
[x]-Add a background image to the header.

[x]- List Bullets
[x]- Add a background image to the lists on your site.

Add a different background image to two different lists and style them to look nice.
[x]- Position the image appropriately.
[x]- Adjust the padding and margin so they are styled appropriately.

[x]- Shadows
[x]- Use a drop shadow to give your site elements a sense of depth.

Apply a drop shadow to the home page image.
[x]- Add a drop shadow to the wrapper div.
[x]- Add a text shadow.


[ ]- View Port
[x]- Please include a meta tag in the head of all pages that tells the phone not to lie about it’s width.

Do Not Lie meta tag added to all pages.
[ ]- Valid CSS markup
[ ]- Please check your CSS to see if you have any errors (warning are OK). You should use the CSS code validator to check your work.

Valid CSS for your CSS file.
[ ]- FTP Upload
[ ]- Create a folder called “07AdvCSS” and put the three html and one CSS file inside it. Use an FTP client of your choice to successfully log in and upload this folder to the root of your site. You will now have three folders on your site.

Site uploaded properly to the server. Failure to upload results in a "0" on the assignment.


tell phone to not lie about width:
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">
min-width for designing for web: 320px?


to maintain colorspace of gradient image, use compuserve GIF


33cc99
66ccff
9debd1


c6ebdf
ccf8ff