Assignment Checklist 05 - Images(15 pts)
---

So far you have built two pages for this class. Please create a new page and add it to your site. Remember to update the navigation on all site pages.

---
Common Page Elements
---
- [ ] Create a new page that matches the look and feel of your current site. Link all pages together by updating the navigation ul.
- [ ] Match the header and navigation of the existing site
- [ ] Add links from the other pages to this page and from this page back to the other pages
- [ ] Set the class of this page link to active


Home Page Image
---
- [ ] Please add an image to the home page of your site.
- [ ] Place the image inside a figure tag and add a caption
- [ ] Float it to the right so the text flows around it
- [ ] Set the size to a percentage so it scales with the page
- [ ] Add a caption to the image
- [ ] Set the footer to stay below the floated image


Image Gallery
---
- [ ] For this assignment you will need to locate and download at least 8 images related to your web site subject. Open them in an image editor and crop and resize them all to similar sizes. I recommend that the image be no bigger than 200px tall or 200 px wide. If you have Photoshop please use that, if not, please download a cool free program called GIMP from www.gimp.org/. It works just like Photoshop.
- [ ] Gather and resize a minimum of 8 images
- [ ] Place all photos in a folder on your site
- [ ] Create a gallery page using these images inside figure tags
- [ ] Use alt text for all the images
- [ ] Use CSS to create a solid border around each image and its caption
- [ ] Use CSS to add white space around the photo
- [ ] Use CSS to adjust the colors to match your site color scheme
- [ ] Display the images in rows and columns using Flexbox

---
Valid HTML markup
---
- [ ] Please check your code prior to uploading to see if you missed anything. You should use the html5 code validator.
- [ ] Valid HTML5 markup on the new gallery page
- [ ] Valid CSS markup
- [ ] Please check your CSS to see if you have any errors (warning ar OK). You should use the CSS code validator to check your work.


Valid CSS for your CSS file
---
- [ ] Page Speed
- [ ] Check the size of your home page and gallery page using Pingdom Speed Testor to see if you are under 500kB.
- [ ] index page is less than 500kB
- [ ] gallery page is less than 500kB

---

---

---

---