Create another page for your web site. This will be a form that gathers some basic information from the user.

Common Page Elements
Create a new page that matches the look and feel of your current site. Link all pages together by updating the navigation ul.

- [x] Match the header and navigation of the existing site
- [x] Add links from the other pages to this page and from this page back to the other pages
- [x] Set the class of this page link to active

Fieldset and Legend
Include a field set (line around several items) with a label.
- [x] Use at least three field sets styled with CSS
- [x] Use at least three legends styled with CSS

Form Parts
Please include these different parts in your form.
- [x] At least 1 INPUT "text"
- [x] At least 1 INPUT "email"
- [x] At least 1 INPUT "telephone"
- [x] At least 1 INPUT "radio" with multiple states
- [x] At least 3 INPUT "checkbox" elements

- [x] At least 1 SELECT that has no less than 3 OPTION elements
- [x] At least 1 TEXTAREA element
- [x] Insure that clicking on the user instructions will activate the input

Required
Please make at least three fields required before the form will go through.
- [x] Implement the required feature of HTML5

Pattern Matching
- Use pattern matching on at least one field to restrict the data input.
- [x] Implement the new pattern matching features of HTML5

Styling
- Use CSS to style up your form and make it look professional. This includes changing the text inputs, text areas, dropdowns, and making everything line up nicely.

- [x] Background and text color for all area where the user types information
- [x] Everything lines up down the left side
- [x] Field sets and legends are styled
- [x] Inputs have Round corners and borders
- [x] Style the user instructions with input so they are visually grouped

Submit Button
- Use CSS to style the submit button so it has border, round corners, padding and a background color.

- [x] Border
- [x] Round corners
- [x] Padding
- [x] Background color (from color scheme)

Functionallity
- Set the action to display the confirmation page (could be named "thanks.html" ). This form will NOT actually do anything.

- [x] action = "thanks.html"
- [x] method=”POST”

Confirmation Page
- Display a confirmation page that automatically forwards to the home page after 5 seconds.

- [x] Confirmation page and message match the rest of the site
- [x] Auto forward to the home page

Valid HTML markup
- [ ] Please check your code prior to uploading to see if you missed anything. You should use the html5 code validator.

- [ ] Valid HTML5 markup on the new form page

Valid CSS markup
- Please check your CSS to see if you have any errors (warning ar OK). You should use the CSS code validator to check your work.

- [ ] Valid CSS for your CSS file

FTP Upload
- Create a folder called "06Form" and put all files inside it. Use an FTP client of your choice to successfully login and upload this folder to the root of your dgm2120 subdomain.

- [ ] Site uploaded properly to the server. Failure to upload results in a "0" on the assignment.